# Notes
Same as array - the first iteration of solving the tasks should be done by the mentor, where he demonstarates the language. The second iteration should be done solely by the student with hints from the mentor and additional explanation.

```js
const students = [{
  "name" : "George",
  "course" : "JavaScript"
}, {
n  "name" : "Elena",
  "course" : "Python"
}, {
  "name" : "Masen",
  "course" : "JavaScript"
}, {
  "name" : "Anton",
  "course" : "Java"
}, {
  "name" : "Kamen",
  "course" : "Java"
}]
```

### countBy
Keys are generated by countingFunction, but the values are just the count of items for the given key

`const countBy = (countingFunction, arr) => {}`

For example:
```js
console.log(countBy(function(student) {
  return student.course;
}, students));
```
Which outputs:

`{ 'JavaScript': 2,  'Python': 1,  'Java': 2}`

### pluck
The function takes an array of objects and a property (a string) and returns new array with only the selected property from all items in arr.

`const pluck = (property, arr) => {}`

For example:

```js
pluck("name", students) // ["Elena", "Masen", "Anton", "Kamen", "George"]
```

### wordsHistogram
Implement a function, called wordsHistogram(str) which takes a string and returns an object, representing the histogram of the words in the given string.

A histogram is the following:
`{"word": count}`

Where count is the number of times the word is found in the given string.

There are two very important specifications for the function:

Everything must be converted to lowercase, before running the histogram
You should exclude all punctuation from the string - !?,. etc.
For example:

```js
var str = "A function is a function with a very functional function!"
wordsHistogram(str);
```

Will output:

`{"a" : 3, "function" : 3, "is" : 1, "with" : 1, "very" : 1, "functional" : 1}`

### charsHistogram
Implement a function, called charsHistogram(str) which takes a string and outputs a histogram of the characters in the string.

There are two very important specifications for the function:

Everything must be converted to lowercase, before running the histogram.
Don't count white space.
You should exclude all punctuation from the string - !?,. etc.
For example:

```js
var str = "Count the characters in this very profound sentence";
console.log(charsHistogram(str));
```

Will output:
```js
{ c: 4,
  o: 3,
  u: 2,
  n: 5,
  t: 5,
  h: 3,
  e: 6,
  a: 2,
  r: 4,
  s: 3,
  i: 2,
  v: 1,
  y: 1,
  p: 1,
  f: 1,
  d: 1 }
```

### Unordered lists and ordered lists
Implement two functions - ol and ul that takes a list of items:

```js
var items = [{ "label" : "Item 1"}, { "label" : "Item 2"}, ...]
var ul = function(items) {}
var ol = function(items) {}
```

Both functions output an HTML string - ordered or unordered lists, constructed from items where the text in each <li> is the value of each label key.

For example:

```js
var items = [{ "label" : "Item 1"}, { "label" : "Item 2"}]
var htmlOl = ol(items);
```

htmlOl will be:

```js
<ol>
<li>Item 1</li>
<li>Item 2</li>
</ol>

```

### Nested lists
Alter the ol and ul functions, so they can output nested lists.

items will be altered, so each object can have a children key. For example:
```js
const items = [
    { "label" : "Item 1"},
    { "label" : "Item 2", "children" : [
        { "label" : "Level 2 of Item 2" },
        {"label" : "Another level 2"}
    ]}]
```
ol(items) will output:

```js
<ol>
    <li>Item 1</li>
    <li>Item 2
        <ol>
          <li>Level 2 of Item 2</li>
          <li>Another level 2</li>
        </ol>
    </li>
</ol>
```

Complete this section to earn the badge "Objection!"
